# v10.0.0 (2019-12-03)
### Bug Fixes
* Fixes an issue that prevented the experimental `Date` component being controlled using the value prop (Component: Date)
* Fixes issue of component not having proper data attributes needed for testing. (Components: ActionPopover)
* Fixes: Link Component passes non-html props to the DOM (Components: Link)
* Fixes incorrect validation icon size' (Components: Date Range/TextBox/Date Input/Form/Radio Button/Select/Textarea)
* Fixes issue with menu button event propagation. (Components: ActionPopover)
* Moves validation concatenation out of render method and into state and handles on update as well. (Component: Date)
* Fixes: Label Help too low on deprecated Textarea. (Components: Deprecated Textarea)
* Ensure Pager uses I18n for navigation text.
* Fixes: OnBlur not working properly on IE11 when multiple selection enabled. (Component: Select)
* Fixed issue where component does not support using it as uncontrolled (Component: SimpleColorPicker)
* Fixes an issue with wrong mouse cursor when hovering or dragging items (Component: Date)
* Fixes: Hover state activated on button when help icon is hovered. (Component: Label)
* Fixes wrong icon color display when buttonType prop is not provided (Component: Button).
* Fixes unnecessary onBlur triggering while removing selected items in multi-select mode. (Components: Select)
* Fixes issue of incorrectly working pagination in case of only one page being available. (Components: Table)
* Fixes incorrect Help Icon colour in the Classic story. (Components: Help)
* Fixes association between Label and input components by correctly passing id prop to the Label htmlFor prop (Component: FormField)
* Fixes wrong input icon position on demo site (component: TextBox)
* button type set to submit. Enables save button to still submit. (component: FormButton)
* Fixes console warnings displayed when mounting Switch Component. (Components: Switch)
* Implements missing controlled component functionality. (Component: ButtonToggleGroup)
* Fixes erroneous appearance of Unknown component proptypes in story. (component: Switch)
* Fixes back arrow and label misalignment in Classic story. (Components: Pages)
* Adds fix to prevent picker opening when switching browser tabs and to prevent an extra onBlur event when input icon clicked (Component: Date)
* Fixed erroneous appearance of Unknown component in story.' (Component: Checkbox)
* Fixes erroneous appearance of State component proptypes in story. (component: RadioButton)

### Breaking Change
* The onChange event now emits a value in the format the user inputted (Component: Date)
* Changed RadioButton and RadioButtonGroup interface so that default value is assigned by passing defaultChecked prop directly on RadioButton (Component: RadioButton)
* Changed SimpleColorPicker so that it resembles current RadioButtonGroup interface. (Component: SimpleColorPicker)

### New Features
* Adds `allowEmptyValue` prop to support empty date input values. (Component: Date)
* Adds hidden input with raw value in experimental Date (Component: Date)
* Both fieldset and legend has been implemented so the SimpleColorPicker is used as a properly grouped and accessible set of controls. (Component: SimpleColorPicker)
* Adds `home` and `end` keyboard button support while traversing the select options list. (Components: Select)

### Improvement
* Moves styles to the wrapper (Components: Link)
* Allows passing an id prop to the root element of component. (Components: Message)
* Allows passing an id prop to the root element of component. (Components: Flash/Toast)

### Other
* Edited guides to reflect some recent changes released in v9.
* Adds `componentDidUpdate` to handle when `onReposition` prop updates (Component: Portal)

### Dependency Updates
* Upgrades react, react-dom, react-test-renderer and react-is from v16.8.2 to v16.12.0

### Styling Changes
* Increases classic width to 125px (component: experimental Date)

### Bug Fixed
* Fixes validation icon overlapping date input content. (Components: DateInput)

### Breaking Changes
* The event object passed to the onBlur callback prop now has the same structure as that passed to onChange (Component: Select)
* Changes behaviour of select list where previously traversing using up and down keyboard arrows led to looping of the whole list when reaching end or start of the list. (Old behaviour still achievable by passing isLoopable prop to the component). (Components: Select)
