# v11.0.0 (2019-12-06)
### Bug Fixes
* Fixes bug where `allowEmptyValue` knob was present in every component story. (Component: DateInput Story)
* Fixes issue were border would not display if prop readOnly was set to true, affecting multiple components deriving from InputPresentation. (Component: InputPresentation)
* Fixes issue with Decimal precision not maintained properly. (Component: Decimal)
* Fixes issue where label is overlaped by the input. (Component: DateInput)
* allow the value of the component to be set by updating the `value` prop externally (Component: Decimal)
* allow the user to modify a controlled value (Component: Decimal)
* prevent the cursor from moving unless by the user, it would previously move then re-position itself (Component: Decimal)
* fire onChange when restoring a default value e.g. when the user deletes the value and it is defaulted to '0.00' (Component: Decimal)
* Fixes sticky footer flickering issue. (Component: Form)
* Fixes issue where options get selected by mouse while navigating select list with keyboard. (Component: Select)

### New Features
* Removes title attribute from StyledDiv to remove obtrusive tooltip (Component: Tab)
* allow an empty value using the `allowEmptyValue` prop, this will default to '' instead of '0.00' (Component: Decimal)
* entering a negative symbol only and blurring will revert to the default value ('' or '0.00') (Component: Decimal)
* re-add hidden input that has the `name` and unformatted value (Component: Decimal)
* Adds Input Integration story to test all inputs in one place. (Component: Input)
* Adds `preventFocusAutoOpen` prop which prevents auto opening of the list when component gets focused (Component: Select)

### Breaking Changes
* The onChange and onBlur interfaces now dispatch an object instead of the SyntheticEvent. The decimal value can be accessed from `e.target.value.rawValue` or `e.target.value.formattedValue`. (Component: Decimal)
* Event utils now prefer `key` over the deprecated `which` property. There should be no noticeable changes when called with a SyntheticEvent.
* `carbon-factory` has been updated to `v9.0.1` to fix security warnings


