# v12.0.0 (2020-01-13)

## Bug Fixes

* Fixes issue with incorrect cursor while hovering on focused component. (Component: Link)
* ActionPopover: Handle when an ActionPopoverItem is being conditionally removed.
* Fixes issue with the date component when the value is null and the allowEmpty value property is true. (Component: Date)
* Fixes issue with unsupported element.firstChild.remove() method in IE11. (Component: MountInApp)
* Fixes issue with onBlur event fired multiple times instead of only once. (Components: Switch, Checkbox, RadioButton)
* Fixes issue where propType of onClick was expected to be an object rather than function. (Component: InputIconToggle)
* Fixed issue with wrong value being passed by story to the component causing console errors. (Component: InlineInput)
* Fixes issue with with incorrect alignment of header in sortable table component caused by missing icon. (Component: Table)
* Fixes issue where validation icon on date input was misaligned. (Component: Date, DateRange)
* Resolved issue where moment() error was thrown when an incomplete/invalid min or max date was passed. (Component: DateInput)
* Fixes issue with wiggle animation starting even when component has readOnly prop passed as true. (Component: Decimal)
* Sets placeholder to empty string when `readOnly` prop is true. (component: Select)

## New Features

* Adds possibility to pass onKeyDown callback to the component (Component: Select).
* Adds possibility to pass onKeyDown callback to the component (Component: DateInput).
* Adds `autoFocus` property to experimental input components. Adds `autoFocus` story to relevant experimental components. (Components: Checkbox, Textbox, Date, Decimal, GroupedCharacter, NumberInput, Select, Textarea)
* Implements functionality to toggle picker opening and closing when calendar icon is clicked. (component: DateInput)
* Adds wiggle animation triggered by typing or pasting incorrect value. (Component: Decimal)
* add support for src prop in Profile image. (component: Profile)

## Other

* improve onChange type definitions (Components: Checkbox, RadioButton, Switch)

## Improvements

* Change npm script `lint`

## Breaking Changes

* dependencies were updated by a major version and the precompile script was altered
* Adds invariant to require initial `value` or `defaultValue` to be in iso format (YYYY-MM-DD). (Component: Date)
* The link component now renders a `<button>` when an `onClick` prop is passed without a `to` prop to fix accessibility errors. (Component: Link)

## Dependency Updates

* `carbon-factory` was updated to `v10.0.0` to leverage linting of react hooks and to fix the issues with the precompile script
* `carbon-factory` was updated to `v11.0.0` to fix security warnings
* `carbon-factory` was updated to `v11.0.1` to fix the build script

## Refactor

* Removes direct imports of Carbon themes to allow adding/renaming/removing a theme without refactoring components.

## Styling Changes

* Removes text decoration from links in Heading and adds margin to fix regressed alignments. (Component: Heading, Pages)


