# v6.1.0 (2019-02-18)
### Dependency Updates
* Upgraded carbon-factory to bring in babel 7
* Updated peer and dev dependencies to 16.7.0 for react, react-dom and react-test-renderer. Also updated enzyme-adapter-react-16 (1.7.1)
* Updates Carbon-factory dependencies to add babel upgrades and required Typescript dependencies and plugins

### Improvements
* Extending dropdown component to allow for autocompletion with tab
* Npm scripts has been modified to allow development of Carbon on Windows platform
* FE-1159 - We have started the process of breaking down the decorators. To begin with we have added some experimental components to handle the common markup of an input; `Input` and `InputPresentation`. We will continue to add to these over time as we break the decorators down further.

### Experimental
* We have added a new Select and Option component. These are still classed as experimental while full Dropdown support is provided.
* InputDecoratorBridge is a temporary component that we can use to gradually remove our reliance on the input decorators.
* A new Textbox component has been added, this is still under __experimental__ so production use is not recommended.

### New Components
* Added new Selectable List component which can be composed with input / select components
* Filterable component has been added, this component allows you to make a list of components that will only render for a given filter value.

### Bug Fixes
* Add height styling to carousel to fix no scroll issue
* Fixed color generation script that has been creating a corrupted js file
* Fixes bug FE-1196 where date inputs display incorrect date when in different timezones

### New Features
* Adds type definitions for dependencies in Carbon, adds defintion files for Button and Link components and adds scripts to add Typescript functionality
* Added a palette utility function which, given a configuration of base colors, will return functions to add tint or shade.
* The presence validator now supports values that are arrays, as well as strings.
* Adds support for a close icon to be added to pill by passing onDelete prop to component

### Theming
* Added basic implementation of Small, Medium and Large themes using the palette utility function.

Each theme adds to a base which includes style rule which are general to all. 



