# v9.0.0 (2019-09-10)
### Storybook Updates
* Adds storybook stories for the components: Carousel, Checkbox, Configurable Items, Confirm, Content, Create, Date Input, Date Range, Decimal, Detail
* Adds Dialogue, Dialogue Full-Screen, Drag and Drop, Dropdown, Dropdown Filter, Dropdown Filter Ajax, Fieldset, Filter, Flash and Form.
* Add storybook stories for the components: Spinner, Split Button, Step Sequence, Step Sequence Item, Switch, Table, Table Ajax, Tabs, Textarea, Textbox
* Fixes for additional testing for Dialog, Dropdown, DropdownFilter, DropdownFilterAjax and Flash stories.
* Add storybook stories for: Portrait, Preview, Profile, Radio Button, Rainbow, Row, Settings Row, Show Edit Pod, Sidebar, Simple Color Picker
* Adds a new "validations" story for the experimental Select component

### Styling Changes
* Updates Multi Action Button to be DLS compliant with range of themes and new functionality such as key navigation
* Fix contrast color on disabled inputs
* Confirm - remove scss and add styled components
* Added a new Sage DLS Theme to allow customisation of the Storybook theme.
* Removes class names and implements multi-selected pills with styled-components
* Use default colour for filtered Dropdown item.
* Updates Split Button to be DLS compliant with range of themes and new functionality such as key navigation
* Adds new DLS themes to the component and create new animations
* Updates Form to use styled-components, implements new style properties defined in DLS
* Provides classic, small, medium and large themes for a calendar popover
* Adds DLS styling for error validation.
* Update text-align default for .common-input__message to left

### Improvements
* Applied new validation API to Form and inputs.
* Tooltip now supports 'type' prop to add color, it also now repositions itself automatically if rendered off screen.
* Adds tooltip repositioning when tooltip position is set to right and the icon is close to the border.

### Experimental
* Adds styling to InputPresentation and Input component through the use of a util to query a global query object.

* Adds the Switch component for the DLS. Includes Classic theme.

* Adds the DateRange component based on the rewritten DatePicker component.
* Updates component to allow removal of InputDecoratorBridge and replace with Textbox
* Adds the RadioButton component for the DLS. Includes Classic theme. Also fixes Classic disabled style for Checkbox component.

* Adds a new Decimal component based on the existing implementation (includes specs and Storybook). As per new Decimal props, adds additional styling to input and field-help experimental components.
* Adds the Checkbox component for the DLS. Includes Classic theme.

* Adds a new component, Tile. This and the new Card component will eventually take the place of the legacy Pod component.

* Adds style tests for experimental Form
* Adds the Date Input component based on the Textbox component.
Separates DatePicker from the DateInput component


### Bug Fixes
* Fixes bugs in unit tests for date component. Mock date to avoid generate different today day in the snapshot.
* Fixes issue with stickyfooter not being responsive when the window is narrowed
* Fix issue with outline border not being visible when Help component is focused
* Re-implements sticky footer in `Dialog`, replaces className with styled-component `StyledFormFooter`
* Fixes bug inside DateInput component with visible multiple datepickers
* Since the upgrade of core-js the Storybook Addon-Info module has been failing to generate the Prop Tables for storybook, this is a workaround for that bug.
* Help tooltip now displays on mouseover in IE11
* Fixes bugs in the Pager component, whereby the totalRecords prop would allow non-numeric input, and could display negative values.
* Fixes a bug in the Portrait component: for a Gravatar / custom image with a transparent background, the fallback initials / user icon would be visible behind the image.
* Fix for bug in the storybook knobs with invisible border
* Fixes for ProfileComponent with providing props in the storybook and correct styling
* Moves the `Table` story knobs back into the story file as importing them from a separate file causes them to bleed across other stories in storybook
* Fixes issue with ConfigurableItems component not being visible in the storybook
* Re-implements missing onChangeDeferred method in the Input component
* Fixes wrong tooltip pointer repositioning when icon is close to the screen border.
* Clicking the help icon no longer interacts with the associated input
* Fixes a bug in the Pod component, where the edit button would overlap the title block when set to display internally, and right-aligned.

### Component Update
* Updated Icon Component to use styled-components and the components that use Icon to support this change
* Refactor an Alert component, create documentation for the story
* Updated Portrait Component to use styled-components
* TableAjax - totalRecords prop will now be accepted and passed as a Number not as a String.
* Form component has new story to allow for testing of Fieldset > Textbox styling.
* Replaced html 'div' tags with styled-components
* Replaced html 'div' tags with styled-components
* Update component to use styled-components
* Create new DLS version of the configurable items
* Creates new version of carousel component
* Update toast component to use style-components and new styling. Create new standlone component dismiss-button. Update message component and toast component to use dismiss-button.
* Update Pill component to use style-components and new styling.
* Simple Colour Picker component has been updated to use styled-components and remove the input decorator

### New Features
* Adds DLS styling, moves styling from SASS to Styled Components.
* Updates the ButtonToggle and ButtonToggleGroup components. Removes Input Decorator, adds DLS styling, moves styling from SASS to Styled Components.
* Brings Table and its sub-components in line with DLS with support form new business themes
* Updates the InlineInputs components. Adds DLS styling, moves styling from SASS to Styled Components.
* Adds config for applying styling to Button based on theme and props, to make the component compliant with
what is described in the DLS
* Adds 10 more Story Book Components - GroupedCharacter, Heading, Help, i18n, Icon, InlineInputs, Link, Menu, Menu List and Message
* Adds extractProps util to filter out props based on Prop Types of the provided component.
* Applies new visual styling for small/medium/large themes.
* Adds styling for inputs in Table component to match DLS
* Updates the StepSequence and StepSequenceItem components to use styled-components, and adds the DLS theme styles.
* Updates the `Table` component to support the unctionality introduced in `v8.1.1` where an `isPassiveData` option prop can be set to turn off `TableRow` hover styling
* Updates the Fieldset component to remove reliance on decorators. Applies new visual styling for small/medium/large themes.

### New Components
* Added new Input Icon Toggle component based on the input-icon decorator. Toggle icon can be added to input components
* Link component added
* Message component added
* Adds new grouped character component to experimental directory
* Adds a Validation component that allows a parent (Form) to pass context down to its children to register themselves
with the function they will run to validate themself.
The parent iterates over the registered childrren and blocks unless they all pass

* Textarea component added
* Added experimental Number Input component nolonger based on the decorators

### Other
* add docs to Storybook on how to override the theme
* Removes the theme object from the component snapshot tests
* Replaces Save and Cancel Button with a generic Form Button

### Bug fixes
* Adds classic theme and fixes carbon demo site styling bugs (sidebar, header, alert-banner, sage loves carbon).

### Improvement
* Add styled components to Spinner. Create new loader component.
* Add styled components to Tabs Component.

### Storybook Update
* Fixed documentation 'info' and 'note' implementation to avoid duplication that was triggering not unique key console warning.

### Demo Site Updates
* add Google Analytics to Storybook

### Bug Fix
* remove extra margin added by `Fieldset` when using experimental components

### Dependency Updates
* Upgrade to `enzyme-adapter-react-16@1.14.0`, `@types/enzyme-adapter-react-16@1.0.5`, `@types/enzyme@3.10.3` to make testing functional comonents using hooks easier.

### Feature
* Add text alignment to the component Split Button
* Adds the validation HOC to the ButtonToggleGroup component. Setups up example in Storybook under Validations.
* Adds the validation HOC to the Textarea component. Sets up an example in project's Storybook under Validations.

### Component update
* Updates the Action Toolbar component to use styled-components and display correctly within the table component.


